Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Said you had a crazy week
Galaxy A10e: I know like I'm everything. I mean, I'm so sorry, which is awesome but like today, like I woke up and my stomach was
Galaxy A10e: Like I knew something was wrong, like couple days ago when I eat something, we mean he does or whatever. And like, we're still really now that night. Well I fairly potty. I just drink lots of water Metamucil and then what party.
Galaxy A10e: Like two days later or data half later.
Galaxy A10e: Because I wasn't getting us no matter what. Anyways, um, but I knew something was up in my stomach. And then last night. Like I laid laid down. I've been trying to be on that diet sweat laid on my left side and I was fine, but then when I woke up late. The rest of it right
Galaxy A10e: I'm like, I woke up and I felt my belly button and there was like this okay stuff inside you know i mean like normally that's you know I shower morning and night so there would be nothing in my belly button which I do have a hurry. Hey,
Galaxy A10e: Oh my god is leaking. You know, I mean, so I instantly texted you. And then, and then call the doctor earliest warning woman certain again our calls for Nick.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I thought maybe he would instead of going to hear this hospital waiting on maybe I'll just wait to see what he says what to do and I got into add tattoo.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I'm gonna go there at two o'clock today because they said tomorrow. They're busy or they are. She's not in. And so I said, well, what do you have for today. She said, two o'clock. I said, I'll be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're already in a pod. So I don't understand why you got to double up on it.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know either. I just, I'm just trying to get my when I talk to that lead for Sacramento. He said, make sure
Galaxy A10e: I, you know, across all my keys basically make sure everything that they asked for me to do is done. So like then asked me to go again. But I figured, well I can't pay for testing right now. So if I go through a O. D. They'll pay for the testing for testing. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you let them know you know that you're engaged with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bright heart and that you're in therapy and that you're in group weekly and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know sign a release with them so that we can communicate through your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: treatment process.
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That way they know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can get the best of both worlds.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Best online versus in person. Right.
Galaxy A10e: Yes. Right. Well, I guess, everything is going to be just today's appointment is in there and then everything else is gonna be over the phone.
Galaxy A10e: It just did initial one I get to go in and then probably people are, um, and
Galaxy A10e: Now,
Galaxy A10e: For free. And then I can go, you know, not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh good, you'll be able to go for free. All right.
Galaxy A10e: I'll make sure I go every time you know what Miss, not one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm
Glad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you pay 60 bucks a session when you're through bright heart.
Galaxy A10e: Know $60 if I were to go try to test whenever my color comes up, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Galaxy A10e: For well for turn it. Yeah, but it seemed like our color was coming up at the end of the two weeks where he would get paid twice. What do you
Galaxy A10e: Have no money 102 weeks, like other Friday and then booming. We have pictures, one day, so
Galaxy A10e: So, but I'm just looking they they're trying to, I think, like do little things to make us tried relapse like
Galaxy A10e: Making the appointments for Tuesdays and Thursdays instead of Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays at at home. So now they will be cut in there.
Galaxy A10e: And I think they're just little things just try to get us a little we're going to relapse. You know, I mean, just throw it settles out and throw them outside them and I'm just, I'm just gonna push. I'm going to use all as fuel for me to stay focused.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Care plan that they devised with you on the things the requirements that you have to complete in order to get your kids back
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah, I did. I did everything
Galaxy A10e: I did everything besides them with a terminal services they said to not miss testing. They knew
Galaxy A10e: I didn't know $60 per test or they just said, oh, you'll have to pay for the day. Of course, I'm like, pay for me. And then the gun.
Galaxy A10e: Rolling. Are you there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. What did you say I missed that piece, the government wet.
Galaxy A10e: I got shut down, but yet that was still going.
Galaxy A10e: You know CPS is still going. Everything's to bomb, like, what is going on like everything shut down. But yes, I'm sparks they're going
Galaxy A10e: So I just I got
Galaxy A10e: Here.
Galaxy A10e: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: didn't tell anybody. Yeah. Can you hear me.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I can hear you.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can hear you.
Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're going to be engaging. I'm just saying, you're going to have an overload of treatment. You know that, right.
Galaxy A10e: I'm gonna have what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: an overload of treatment.
Galaxy A10e: I know, but it's, I mean, I know I can.
Galaxy A10e: I don't know what we don't mean I don't know what they want me to do like more like I just have to stay clean in the new way to pay not pay for testing is to go and join the LG think to where I can get free testing until June when the court comes up and then they
Galaxy A10e: Get my services.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, so it'd be like a month of, you know, double disengaging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By
Galaxy A10e: In order to get my kids back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, given your recent history, you probably need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need that extra support.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. So it definitely couldn't hurt.
Galaxy A10e: No.
Galaxy A10e: You know, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm interested in seeing what it is that they identified today that you need to work on.
Galaxy A10e: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I guess.
Galaxy A10e: The problem before I go in there because I have a headache and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you drinking water.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I've actually got lots and lots of water next to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: I'm just gonna, I run out. I'm profaned so um I didn't call to see if the pharmacy had if you had refill that one or not, but
Galaxy A10e: I know it was kind of like red, white, blue perfect so
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They definitely help for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you're going to work on this week.
Galaxy A10e: I was working on that book I've only got through half of that like introduction and half of the because there's like a lot of reading like 20 pages of reading before you get to the first
Galaxy A10e: Little you know part where you get to do exercises or whatever, right down. So I'm going to finish that other part and then
Galaxy A10e: Go to the air do today. Stay focused keep contacting you, that's about all I can do.
Galaxy A10e: Daily check ins with us break been working
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Folks
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, there you go.
Galaxy A10e: There you go. Usually, my phone's 9% okay
Galaxy A10e: Um, so what will I do like what I have I done or Amanda gonna do
Galaxy A10e: I was reading that
Galaxy A10e: Oh, this this phone is crappy today.
Galaxy A10e: Um, let me see if I can put on Wi Fi for the help
Galaxy A10e: It'll help the signal.
Galaxy A10e: To work it working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I last year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where did you go
Galaxy A10e: Like that better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. I got you back.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, great.
Galaxy A10e: Usually, it works right there. That's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's hard time
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. It's really windy here though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is probably why.
Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: So my plan is to just start, you know, doing some more that book, Getting to the first part two, part three pages of that where I fill it out.
Galaxy A10e: And going to New Day and keeping them focused, which is working. I'm sleeping, you know, letting him sleep as good as always dressed in
Galaxy A10e: That he's got to go work tonight. I'm going to do wonder why he does work. And then I just want to hear my dogs and cats. The kids every morning and night, even though they can't talk to me.
Galaxy A10e: I just the foster parents. They love. I love that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They can't talk to you.
Galaxy A10e: Well, they, they, because I wouldn't told that
Galaxy A10e: The Court lady, I said, My son has seen a third
Galaxy A10e: Since school stock. She went to a welfare another fixing everything. It's like every time I got something that is on my side. They make sure I tell somebody and they make sure that they do what they're supposed to do on their side.
Galaxy A10e: It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well that's one way of holding
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One way of holding them accountable. Make sure that your son, getting the services that he while he's
Galaxy A10e: Like
Galaxy A10e: You know, true. She's like guess that'll be fixed right away. She's like, when can we talk. And I'm like, why wasn't it hard towards today, but now it's going to have to be tomorrow.
Galaxy A10e: Because I have
Galaxy A10e: To get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure that you get confirmation from them that you have signed up and that you're engaging with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That way, you have that piece document, document, document or didn't happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah your baby and they wanted us to go into the baby. It was weird.
Galaxy A10e: It wasn't on
Galaxy A10e: The normal outfit was gonna be on the zoom app. So I was like, Oh, cool. See all the kids, but no only the baby was there and they had us on a neat app.
Galaxy A10e: And he couldn't hear us, because normally if I if I say hi, baby. He'll say it real cops. Whatever I say
Galaxy A10e: Or by love you, or whatever it whatever we say he copies us and he couldn't hear us because
Galaxy A10e: The screen kept reading out what the guy was saying to the baby to melody.
Galaxy A10e: So he can only hear us. So he just kept saying, hi. Hi, and he kept smiling, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah. So I said, Okay, well hopefully you guys should get this fixed Thursday, because they want me to come back in there. I said, well, I'll be back in there, if that's what they want me to do this.
Galaxy A10e: They're just trying to
Galaxy A10e: You know, you may think.
Galaxy A10e: I think they're trying to do little things to make us
Galaxy A10e: Irritated to make us relapse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think they, you know, they might be testing your sobriety. That sounds
Galaxy A10e: Right, so I told you guys to look at every
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day, you know,
Galaxy A10e: He got irritated. I said, Just stay strong stay positive. Everything's gonna be okay.
Galaxy A10e: And I think that right there just be smiling and just say it's everything's gonna be okay. It's okay, you know,
Galaxy A10e: I don't know, but hopefully I'm just praying. I've been going on today. This week I actually went to church again with true. So that's four weeks in a row.
Galaxy A10e: So that's good. And I got
Galaxy A10e: A Wednesday night to tonight so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, yeah.
Galaxy A10e: That's why don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just make sure that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You make sure that the lady from the courts knows it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sure you sign a release so that for her to be able to talk to Breitbart
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and get your information is because they'll get updates from us to, you know,
Galaxy A10e: The. Okay, good. Okay, so I'll sign all those
Galaxy A10e: Get those
Galaxy A10e: Done to I'll make sure that I put that on my paper in there.
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to pay for it. But we're putting everything down on so I won't forget what I'm supposed to say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You probably want to get a copy of any paperwork that you saw from this lady, and a copy of your pieces of information so that way there's no dispute that you did them. Okay.
Galaxy A10e: Okay, okay.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, they
Galaxy A10e: Are
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, they said. They said, Let me see your document. Don't come back later. I'm like, you're never going to get them back and sure enough he didn't get him back. Yeah, so I'll make
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sure your UK. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know about the DHS work off where you go to their
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: fax machine in their office or your or over at the DHS office where you were before you can
Galaxy A10e: See this lady on the phone.
Galaxy A10e: Everybody's gonna be
Galaxy A10e: So I'm like, oh, wait a second. So
Galaxy A10e: I'm not sure how that's gonna work. But I know that I want. I'm going to get confirmation in person tape from God because I'll be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you should be able to, I would consider recording your call.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To
Galaxy A10e: Oh yeah, I was trying to record like when I was with the baby on the assessment and I didn't know how where the record button is like all of a sudden all my screen is different and like only they have only I can see myself and baby but yet when I tried to get pictures only me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's weird really
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, but to try to get a picture of me and maybe it's only me
Galaxy A10e: Mom.
Galaxy A10e: Like they have blocked out or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is where we're kind of funny.
Galaxy A10e: Um, this is
Galaxy A10e: A Verizon.
Galaxy A10e: Verizon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: At the 810 110 is it your one right
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, the city or what. Yeah.
Oh,
Galaxy A10e: Yeah.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, unfortunate chickens limping
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, I, oh, I got this really cool stuff yesterday. My daughter needed a tampon. So I went to the Dollar Tree and got this um it's aloe and cucumber oil, or at least I put I put on my elbows.
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to put it on my eventually but my elbows and my put at the bottom, my hair. So it's also for the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what is it
Galaxy A10e: Called
Galaxy A10e: Right here.
Galaxy A10e: It just says cucumber. Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's like a base.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, it's definitely oily.
Galaxy A10e: Smells really good though.
Galaxy A10e: So,
Galaxy A10e: I'm still call
Galaxy A10e: I got some
Galaxy A10e: Rose Rose something lotion and
Galaxy A10e: We're just excited. I think I definitely have to get to my program for go to that and then maybe lay down for a minute and write down my thoughts of what I need to say, lady.
Galaxy A10e: Yeah, and then be ready at two o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would definitely write down questions that you have it. You know what I mean, so that we, when you go in there, you're not, you know, just and prepare whatever she's gonna say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is going to upset you just know that. Okay, just go there in that in that mentality and I'll tell you why. Because if she doesn't say anything bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Galaxy A10e: If what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you, if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She doesn't say anything.
Galaxy A10e: Then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The visit, it'll be good.
Galaxy A10e: It'll be a good visit. Oh yeah, he's
Galaxy A10e: Over here for bad right he
Galaxy A10e: Thing. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'd be prepared for anything but definitely stay what you've been doing dawn and you know the proof on it you know explain definitely explain to her how, you know, this is really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the progress and things, there's going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To face events AR D going to face to face, and because of the things you've done everything you can do it online.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're engaged in this program, you come regularly. You know what I mean. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There. And we actually have an doctors and prescribers and you know all our
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doctors are certified in you know this fields.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Yeah, she's good.
Galaxy A10e: Y'all have we've got somebody that's on it that I've been communicating with Scott might, you know, knows
Galaxy A10e: So that's good.
Galaxy A10e: My phone is I'm not sure what that but
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to try to see if I can plug it in.
Galaxy A10e: Are you still there.
Galaxy A10e: Wow.
Galaxy A10e: Oh,
Galaxy A10e: It's still there.
Galaxy A10e: Hello, I'm gonna I'm gonna roll my windows and go ahead and plug you in
Galaxy A10e: There but
Galaxy A10e: I'm dropping sticker to the way
Galaxy A10e: I'm going to put you in
Galaxy A10e: Okay, are you there.
Galaxy A10e: Hello.
Galaxy A10e: Wait, what do I do here.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, what happened.
Galaxy A10e: Oh, we're in progress.